c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\OutfitPicker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\OutfitPicker.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\OutfitPicker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\OutfitPicker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\OutfitPicker.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\OutfitPicker.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\OutfitPicker.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\TestStack.BDDfy.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\TestStack.White.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\TestStack.White.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\bin\Debug\TestStack.White.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\OutfitPicker.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OutfitPicker\OutfitPicker\obj\Debug\OutfitPicker.pdb
